# The-Sparks-Foundation
Data Science and Business Analytics TASK



TASK 8 
Because generally, countries have not used just one kind of vaccine, it is hard to find which country uses what vaccines. However, it seems lots of countries have used at least some Pfizer/BioNTech's combinations, As you can see on the map green colours appear mostly on the map and the size of greens also bigger than others generally. Also, when we look at the right bottom graph, Pfizer/BioNTech and combinations are using the majority of countries, especially by European and North American countries. Even if there is no country just using Moderna, Countries that have higher total vaccination numbers are using Moderna and Pfizer/BioNTech combination like USA, Isreal, Germany. Next, maybe we can mention Oxford/AstraZeneca, while 6 countries are using this vaccine, 9 countries are using a combination of it. Again, Countries that have higher total vaccination numbers are using Oxford/AstraZeneca combinations like UK, India, Brazil. Followingly, Sinovac is another vaccine commonly used. The countries that have higher total vaccination numbers like China, Brazil and Turkey are using Sinovac and its combinations. If we mention Sinopharm, Egypt has been using just Sinopharm, but the vaccination number of Egypt is very low. 4 countries have been using a combination of Sinopharm and one of the countries is the United Arab Emirates the 6th of the highest vaccination number. Finally, Sputnik V has been used commonly by Russia and other 3 countries, but the numbers of it are lower than other vaccines. Also, Covaxin has been using by Just India with Oxford/AstraZeneca.
